Expand Featured Artists with osu! accounts (#9759)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Featured_Artists/en.md

## Featured Artists with osu! accounts

> Featured Artists with osu! accounts are given the cyan [user title](/wiki/Community/User_title) and [user group](/wiki/People/User_group) badge that reads `FA` to show their involvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Featured Artists with osu! accounts are given the Featured Artist group which can be identified by it's cyan [user title](/wiki/Community/User_title) and [user group](/wiki/People/User_group) badge that reads `FA` to show their involvement.
```
better wording

Reviewer 2: its

Reviewer: fixed

> Featured Artists with osu! accounts are given the **Featured Artist** group, which can be identified by a cyan [user title](/wiki/Community/User_title) and [user group](/wiki/People/User_group) badge that reads `FA` to show their involvement.

Reviewer 3: maybe better like this

```suggestion
Featured Artists with osu! account can be identified by a cyan "Featured Artist" [user title](/wiki/Community/User_title), and [user group](/wiki/People/User_group) badge that reads `FA` to show their involvement.
```
